feat(docs/otel): describe keep_identifying_resource_attributes option (#2555)
prometheus/docs: content/docs/guides/opentelemetry.md

When Prometheus processes an OTLP write request, and provided that contained resources include the attributes `service.instance.id` and/or `service.name`, Prometheus generates the info metric `target_info` for every (OTel) resource.
It adds to each such `target_info` series the label `instance` with the value of the `service.instance.id` resource attribute, and the label `job` with the value of the `service.name` resource attribute.
If the resource attribute `service.namespace` exists, it's prefixed to the `job` label value (i.e., `<service.namespace>/<service.name>`).

> By default `service.name`, `service.namespace` and `service.instance.id` themselves are not added to `target_info`, because they are converted into `job` and `instance`. However the following configuration parameter can be enabled to add them to `target_info` directly (possibly going through normalization to replace dots with underscores) on top of the conversion into `job` and `instance`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default `service.name`, `service.namespace` and `service.instance.id` themselves are not added to `target_info`, because they are converted into `job` and `instance`. However the following configuration parameter can be enabled to add them to `target_info` directly (going through normalization to replace dots with underscores, if `otlp.translation_strategy` is `UnderscoreEscapingWithSuffixes`) on top of the conversion into `job` and `instance`.
```

```
otlp:
  keep_identifying_resource_attributes: true
```

> The rest of the resource attributes are also added as labels to the `target_info` series, names converted to Prometheus format (e.g. dots converted to underscores).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rest of the resource attributes are also added as labels to the `target_info` series, names converted to Prometheus format (e.g. dots converted to underscores) if `otlp.translation_strategy` is `UnderscoreEscapingWithSuffixes`.
```
